README.md, before:

# Caethan's UnReal World self-sufficiency mod

This is a set of modifications for the freeware roguelike game [UnReal World](http://www.unrealworld.fi/) developed by Sami Maaranen and Erkka Lehmus.

Last updated with UnReal World 3.40 b1.


# Changes from vanilla

## Updates to Existing

**TBD**

## Misc. New

**TBD**

## Spinning & Weaving

**TBD**

## Ironworking

**TBD**


## Sources, Credit, and Inspiration

**TODO: Confirm ability to include this work in the mod from each prior author/artist before including their work!**

Many thanks to:
* The original developers Sami Maaranen and Erkka Lehmus for creating URW and its modding system in the first place.
* Many mod authors whose original work contributed to this mod:
	* Rain for his Ironworking and Cloth mods which were used as the original base for the weaving and smithing sections
		* Ironworking - http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=2147
		* Cloth - http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=1839&st=0
	* Buoidda
		* http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=8043
	* Endive
		* http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=3071
	* Lasse & Weathereye
		* http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=5331
	* Brygun
		* http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=3818&st=0#entry22022885
* The artists who drew the sprites
	* Kaaven
		* http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=7331&st=0
		
		
## Changelist

Commit message:

Update diy_glossary with some minor changes

README.md, after:

# Caethan's UnReal World self-sufficiency mod

This is a set of modifications for the freeware roguelike game [UnReal World](http://www.unrealworld.fi/) developed by Sami Maaranen and Erkka Lehmus.

Last updated with UnReal World 3.40 b1.


# Changes from vanilla

## Updates to Existing

I made some changes to existing items:

* Slender trunks replaced with staffs for several recipes.  This allows staff quality to affect the final item quality, enabling you to build high quality items with some effort.
	- Grainflail
	- Ski stick
	- Sesta
* [noquality] added for some ingredients of fixed quality to avoid negatively impacting finished quality:
	- Wooden cup & bowl: block of wood
		- skill adjustment changed from +20% to -20% to compensate
	- Wooden shovel: block of wood
		- skill adjustment changed from +10% to -30% to compensate
	- Wooden stake & staff: Slender trunk
		- skill adjustment reduced by 40% each to compensate
	

**TBD**

## Misc. New

**TBD**

## Spinning & Weaving

**TBD**

## Ironworking

**TBD**


## Sources, Credit, and Inspiration

**TODO: Confirm ability to include this work in the mod from each prior author/artist before including their work!**

Many thanks to:
* The original developers Sami Maaranen and Erkka Lehmus for creating URW and its modding system in the first place.
* Many mod authors whose original work contributed to this mod:
	* Rain for his Ironworking and Cloth mods which were used as the original base for the weaving and smithing sections
		* Ironworking - http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=2147
		* Cloth - http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=1839&st=0
	* Buoidda
		* http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=8043
	* Endive
		* http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=3071
	* Lasse & Weathereye
		* http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=5331
	* Brygun
		* http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=3818&st=0#entry22022885
* The artists who drew the sprites
	* Kaaven
		* http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=7331&st=0
		
		
## Changelist
